RECIPE BOOK:
Screenshot, the text I got, any questions I have & then the file name so I can easily find it in my code!!!!!
42 recheck
45 recheck
48 what about the fruits: each 35g?? total??


束束束束束


Later:
With Moe go through menu and understand what items are needed for each dish (torizara, knife, what plate etc Like it's basically 仕上げ++) 
Ask next time  ob wir in Pause durch recipe book durchgehen können (mistakes correcting etc). Vor allem was das ganze Zeug (Worte) bedeutet. Und ob wir das einfach durchgehen können 
Put watch so it's easy to check it 


send pics of steps for recipe book to laptop & get the files into the project. 

review all the text

26 28 debut

Add all the different cuts for things: bacon cut, basil cut etc.? also the plates for serving


 recipe book & steps (at least the menu items i know +++ 仕上げ！！& plate data (have a fun visual for plate data)
 (recipeItems)

 add copy button to copy all the text. 

Check ob ich die ganzen りゃく übernommen habe & zeig die auch beim 表示 fenster!

Alternating colors for the recipe book items 

In the 値段 tab it should display the りゃく for each item!!!!!! Before the item.. Like a tag??... figure this out. 
When you open up the 値段 tab it should focus the input field!!!

Implement a changelog feature where I write what I changed w a timestamp of last update. Any way to automate this?

- for spreadsheet: also add the sasha drink keywords into the drink names

Implement changelog feature at top right 
MAKE FONT SMALLER FOR PHONES & the price design page has to be optimized for mobile! Better button placements, remove the title at top etc. 


ーTODO: fix the "dangerous" data!! everywhere where you have to ask something. 


-ASK 静 about サングリア prices?? like why are they more expensive, i think outside it also says something about 500yen?? like what xd
- ASK about the Champagne prices. what is the~~~~~~ ????

when displaying the names in the pricing list you want them to have interchanging different background colors to easier process the data. 

buttons: （今週の）おすすめ、限定パスタ

- ADD Lunch prices to menu items that also dont have changing price but simply appear on the lunch menu. 
- Ask 静 to review the data when she has time. 

- add way to add all to like a shopping list and then calculate the price automatically???? idk yet. this can go wrong. 


wine menu button ワイン表示 but also just write multiple prices